Document types `terms` agg can consume (#73272)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/aggregations/bucket/terms-aggregation.asciidoc

By default, the `terms` aggregation will return the buckets for the top ten terms ordered by the `doc_count`. One can
change this default behaviour by setting the `size` parameter.

[[search-aggregations-bucket-terms-aggregation-types]]
The `field` can be <<keyword>>, <<number>>, <<ip, `ip`>>, <<boolean, `boolean`>>,
or <<binary, `binary`>>.

> NOTE:: If you try to run it on a text field you will get an error back about
> field data. You have a choice, run `terms` on a `keyword`
> <<multi-fields, sub-field>> instead or enable <<fielddata, fielddata>> on the text
> field. Generally the `keyword` sub-field is better because fielddata consumes a
> ton of memory. But the `fielddata` way of running the terms aggregation will
> return a bucket per <<analysis, *analyzed*>> term in the `text` field while the
> `keyword` way will return a bucket for each value in the keyword.
> 

Reviewer: Not blocking, but I tried to tighten up the wording here. You'll want to only use one colon on the `NOTE:`.

```suggestion
NOTE: By default, you cannot run a `terms` aggregation on a `text` field. Use a
`keyword` <<multi-fields,sub-field>> instead. Alternatively, you can enable
<<fielddata,`fielddata`>> on the `text` field to create buckets for the field's
<<analysis,analyzed>> terms. Enabling `fielddata` can significantly increase
memory usage.
```
